what is up guys see no one to 5:16 I
have called duty ghosts for the ps4
doing the unboxing just to show you guys
with the new cases of like let go
Infinity Ward Activision PlayStation for
that case one to two players 49
gigabytes minimum and 118 players online
1080p Dualshock 4 compatible remote play
offline play enabled and online play
which is optional it also includes the
bonus map freefall a changed world
refined redefined multiplayer and all
new squads mode let's go ahead and open
this one and PlayStation 4 is actually
not on the case it's actually on the
paper it's go ahead and open it so here
you have the disc no design on the box
cover actually and your season pass
right here if you want to buy it it's
optional and on the back of nice
advertisement for destiny pre-order now
that we doubled our u destiny the game
you probably also get all beat access if
you do it through games help inside it
just tells you pretty much camos and how
you can use your phone as well
multiplier camp I character head weapon
camel reticle player patch player card
and player a background that is when you
purchase season pass that's at the side
and it also comes with the PlayStation 4
7-day trial for PlayStation Plus and the
free-for-all mat pack which I'm going to
assume is on the back and it is and
looks like the safety warnings are now
on the case itself well on the paper at
least I got the disc and that's pretty
much it comparison to another game box
let's see actually does not come with a
booklet so it is pretty much the same
height and now I don't play on that TV I
play on that TV and case wise same thing
so go check this out tell me what system
you got it on and also tell me which one
you got if you got too hard in the
prestige for the regular edition alright
see you know 1 2 5 6 thank you for
watching remember to thumbs up and
subscribe